Previously on Teen Wolf...
It was too dark to see much.
but I'm pretty sure it was a wolf.
A wolf bit you?
Class. this is our new
student. Allison Argent.
What the hell is going on with you. McCall?
I can see. hear. and smell things
that I shouldn't be able
to see hear and smell!
What are you doing here?
That was Derek Hale.
His family. they all
burned to death in a fire.
like. ten years ago.
Do you think maybe you'd like to go to
that party with me?
Definitely yes.
Is this a party or a date?
Maybe both.
And her name is...
Allison.
I just made first line.
I've got a date with a girl
I can't believe wants to go out with me.
and everything in my
life is somehow perfect.
Why you trying to ruin it?
Aah! Aah! Who are they?
Hunters. the kind who have
been hunting us for centuries.
That's my dad.
Whoo hoo hoo!
Sync by YYeTs.net
Corrected by Addic7ed.com
www.addic7ed.com
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Did you apologize to Allison?
Yeah.
Is she giving you a second chance or...
Yeah! All right.
So everything's good.
No.
No?
Remember...The hunters.
Her dad is one of 'em.
Her dad?
Shot me...
Allison's father?
With a crossbow.
Allison's father--
Yes! Her father!
Oh. my God.
No. Scott. Snap back.
You okay? Hey. all right?
He didn't recognize you. right?
No. N-no. I don't think so.
Does she know about him?
Oh. yeah. I don't know.
What if she does?
This is gonna kill me. man.
Okay. just focus on lacrosse.
Okay. here. Scott.
Take this.
Take this. and focus on
lacrosse for now. okay?
That's all you gotta do. yeah?
Lacrosse.
Here we go!
Let's go!
One-on-one from up top!
Jackson...Take a long stick today.
Atta boy.
Kill it. Jack.
That's how you do it!
Greenberg. take a lap.
Let's go.
Faster. Greenberg!
McCall. what are you waiting for?
Let's go.
Hey. McCall.
Hey. McCall!
You sure you still want
to be first line. McCall?
My--my grandmother can
move faster than that.
And she's dead.
You think you can move faster than the...
Lifeless corpse of my dead grandmother?
Yes. coach.
I can't hear you.
Then do it again.
McCall's gonna do it again!
Let's go!
Uhh!
Ohh.
Scott?
Scott. you okay?
Yeah. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
I can't control it. Stiles.
It's happening.
What? Right here? Now?
Come on. get up. Come on.
Come on.
Come on. here we go.
There. That's it.
You okay? Scott. you okay?
Get away from me!
Stiles...
What happened?
You tried to kill me.
It's like I told you before.
It's the anger.
It's your pulse rising.
It's a trigger.
But that's lacrosse.
It's a pretty violent game.
if you hadn't noticed.
Well. it's gonna be a lot more violent
if you end up killing someone on the field.
You can't play Saturday.
You're gonna have to get out of the game.
I'm first line.
Not anymore.
Hey.
Late shift again for me.
But I am taking Saturday off
to see your first game.
Oh. mom. you can't.
Oh. no. I can and I will.
Come on. one shift isn't gonna break us.
Completely.
Hey. what's wrong with your eyes?
You look like you haven't slept in days.
Oh. uh. it's nothing.
I'm just...stressed.
Just stress?
Nothin' else?
Homework.
I mean. it's not like you're
on drugs or anything. right?
Right now?
I'm sorry. what do you mean "right now"?
Have you ever taken drugs?
Have you?
Get some sleep.
What'd you find out?
Well. it's bad.
Jackson's got a separated shoulder.
Because of me?
Because he's a tool.
Well. is he gonna play?
Well. they don't know yet.
Now they're just counting
on you for Saturday.
What?
It looks like what?
Come on.
Damn it.
What?
I saw you on the field.
Wha-what are you talking about?
You shifted in front of them!
If they find out what you are.
they find out about me.
About all of us.
And it is not just the hunters after us.
it's everyone.
But...They didn't see anything!
I..s-swear. I--
And they won't!
Because if you even try to play
in that game on Saturday...
I'm gonna kill you myself.
What do you mean. you can't play
the game tomorrow night?
I mean...I can't play the
game tomorrow night.
You can't wait to play
the game tomorrow night.
No. coach. I can't play
I'm not following.
I'm having some personal issues.
Is it a girl?
No.
Is it a guy?
You know. our goalie Danny is gay.
Yeah. I know. coach. but that's not it.
You don't think Danny's a...
good-lookin' guy?
I...think he's good-looking.
I--but I--I like girls.
And that's not it. anyway! I-I--
What. is it drugs?
Are you doing meth?
Because I had a brother
that was addicted to meth.
You should have seen what
it did to his teeth--
They were all cracked and rotted.
It was--it was disgusting.
My...God.
What happened to him?
He got veneers.
Is--is that what this is about?
Are you afraid of getting hurt. McCall?
No...I'm...
Having some issues dealing with aggression.
Well. here's the good news.
That's why you play lacrosse.
Problem solved.
Coach. I can't play the
game tomorrow night.
Listen. McCall. part of playing first line
is taking on the responsibility
of being first line.
Now. if you can't shoulder
that responsibility.
then you're back on the
bench until you're ready.
If I don't play the game.
you're taking me off first line?
McCall. play the game.
Slide it up and half-asleep
Hey.
Busy?
No. no. it's just. uh.
my mom. she's nothing.
I mean. it's nothing.
Uh. I'm never busy for you.
I like the sound of that.
I have to run to French class.
but I wanted you to know that
I'm coming to see you play tomorrow.
You are?
And we're all going out afterwards.
You. me. Lydia. Jackson.
It's gonna be great.
Tell Stiles to come too.
Uh. save me a seat at lunch. I gotta go.
Oh. God.
Why is there a rumor going around
that you're not playing tomorrow?
'Cause I'm sort of not.
I think you sort of are.
Especially when you brutally
injure my boyfriend by ramming into him.
He brutally injured
himself ramming into me.
Jackson's gonna play tomorrow.
But he's not gonna be at his peak.
and I prefer my boyfriend
at peak performance.
Okay.
I date the captain of the
winning lacrosse team.
and if they start off the season losing.
I date the captain of the
losing lacrosse team.
I don't date losers.
Losing one game isn't gonna kill anyone.
In fact. it might even save someone.
Fine! Don't play.
We'll probably win anyway.
Then we'll go out after.
like we were planning...
And I'll introduce Allison to
all the hot players on the team.
And Scott McCall can stay home.
surfing the net for porn.
Mr. McCall. you're not even
close to solving your problem.
Tell me about it.
Hey. come here.
What?
Come here.
Tell me what they're saying.
Can you hear 'em?
Want everyone under the age of 18
to be in their home by 9:30 p.m.
We'd like to institute the
curfew. effective immediately.
Look. we don't...
Curfew because of the body.
Unbelievable.
My dad's out looking for a rabid
animal. while the jerk-off
who actually killed the
girl is just hangin' out.
doing whatever he wants.
Well. you can't exactly tell
your dad the truth about Derek.
I can do something.
Like what?
Find the other half of the body.
Are you kidding?
This is Allison.
Hi.
Nice to meet you.
She's the new girl.
She just moved here.
Oh. how do you like it?
I like it.
So Lydia's introducing you to everyone?
She's being so unbelievably nice to me.
I wonder why.
Maybe she gets how much being
the new girl can suck.
Where did you get that?
My jacket?
It was in my locker.
I think Lydia brought
it back from the party.
She has my combination--
Did she say she brought it back
or did somebody give her the jacket?
Like who?
Like Derek.
Your friend?
He's not my friend.
How much did you talk to him
when he drove you home?
Mmm. not much at all.
What did you say?
I...gotta get to class.
Allison--
No. I really have to go.
Derek!
Stay away from her!
She doesn't know anything!
Yeah?
What if she does?
You think your little buddy Stiles
can just Google werewolves.
and now you got all the
answers. is that it?
You don't get it yet. Scott.
but I'm looking out for you.
Think about what could happen.
You're out on the field.
The aggression takes over.
And you shift in front of everyone.
Your mom. all your friends.
And when they see you...
Everything falls apart.
What did you find?
How did you find it?
Where did you find it?
And. yes. I've had a lot of Adderall. so...
I found something of Derek Hale's.
Are you kidding? What?
There's something buried there--
I could smell blood.
That's awesome!
I mean. that's terrible.
Whose blood?
I don't know.
But when we do. your dad
nails Derek for the murder.
And then you help me figure out
how to play lacrosse without changing.
Because there's no way I'm
not playing that game.
Hey.
Okay.
Good luck. I guess.
***
Hey. Lydia.
You probably don't remember me.
Um. I sit behind you in Biology.
Uh. anyway. I always thought
that we just had this kind of connection.
Unspoken. of course.
Maybe it'd be kind of cool to.
get to know each other a little better.
Hold on. give me a second.
Yeah. I didn't get any
of what you just said.
Is it worth repeating?
No.
Sorry.
I'll just sit.
You don't care.
Okay.
Did he do it?
He said not to make a habit of it.
but one cortitisone shot won't kill me.
You should get one right
before the game too.
The pros do it all the time.
You want to be a little
high school amateur?
Or...do you want to go...
Pro?
Ohh! God!
The scent was the same.
You sure?
Yes.
So he did bury the other half
of the body on his property?
Which means we have proof
he killed the girl.
I say we use it.
How?
Tell me something first.
Are you doing this because
you want to stop Derek.
or because you want to play in the game.
and he said you couldn't?
There are bite marks on the
legs. Stiles--bite marks.
Okay.
Then we're gonna need a shovel.
Wait. something's different.
Different how?
I don't know.
Let's just get this over with.
This is taking way too long.
Just keep going.
What if he comes back?
When we get the hell out of here.
What if he catches us?
I have a plan for that.
Which is?
You run one way.
I run the other.
Whoever he catches first. too bad.
I hate that plan.
Oh. stop. stop. stop.
Hurry.
I'm trying. Did he have to
tie the thing in. like. 900 knots?
I'll do it.
What the hell is that?
It's a wolf.
Yeah. I can see that.
I thought you said you smelled
blood. as in human blood.
I told you something was different.
This doesn't make sense.
We gotta get out of here.
Yeah.
Okay. help me cover this up.
What's wrong?
You see that flower?
What about it?
I think it's wolfsbane.
What's that?
Uh...Haven't you ever seen the Wolf Man?
No.
Lon Chaney Jr.?
Claude Rains.
The original. classic werewolf movie?
No! What?
You are so unprepared for this.
Stiles.
Holy...
No.
Oh. God.
Okay. just so you know.
I'm not afraid of you.
Okay. maybe I am.
Doesn't matter.
I just wanna know something.
The girl you killed...
She was a werewolf.
She was a different kind. wasn't she?
I mean. she could turn
herself into an actual wolf.
and I know Scott can't do that.
Is that why you killed her?
Why are you so worried about me
when it's your friend who's the problem?
When he shifts on the field.
what do you think they're gonna do.
Just keep cheering him on?
I can't stop him from playing. but you can.
And. trust me...
You want to.
There. Stand.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
I'm just trying to help.
Okay. well. how 'bout
you help me understand
exactly how you came across this.
We were looking for Scott's inhaler.
Which he dropped when?
The other night.
The other night when you were out here
looking for the first half of the body.
Yes.
The night that you told me you were alone
and Scott was at home.
Yes.
No. Oh. crap.
So you lied to me.
That depends on how you define lying.
Well. I define it as not telling the truth.
How do you define it?
Mm. reclining your body
in a horizontal position?
- Get the hell out of here.
- Absolutely.
I can't find anything about
wolfsbane being used for burial.
Just keep looking.
Maybe it's like a ritual or something.
like maybe they bury you as a wolf.
Or maybe it's like a
special skill. you know?
Like something you have to learn.
I'll put it on my to-do list.
right underneath figuring out how the hell
I'm playing this game tonight.
Maybe it's different for girl werewolves.
Okay! Stop it!
Stop what?
Stop saying "werewolves"!
Stop enjoying this so much.
Are you okay?
No! No. I'm not.
I'm so far from being okay.
You know. you're gonna have to accept this.
Scott. sooner or later.
I can't.
Well. you're gonna have to.
No! I can't breathe. Aah!
Ah. pull over!
Why? What's happening?
You kept it?
What was I supposed to do with it?
Stop the car!
Okay...
Okay.
We're good. you can...
Scott?
Odd how?
Uh. like an odd person or...
A dog-like individual roaming the streets.
I'm hanging up on you now.
No! Wai-wai-wai-wai-wait!
Good bye!
Dad?
Dad! What the hell are you doing?
He--he came out of nowhere. Allison.
Are you trying to kill him?
No. no. of course not.
He just--he just ran out into the driveway.
I'm sorry.
- It's my fault. I'm sorry.
- You okay?
Yeah. Y-yeah. I'm fine.
I swear.
Sorry I hit your car.
I was just coming to say hi.
You sure you're okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. completely.
Uhh. I should go. I've got a...
Lacrosse game to get to.
You're still coming. right?
Of course I'm coming.
We both are.
You gonna try to convince me not to play?
I just hope you know what you're doing.
If I don't play. I lose
first line and Allison.
Allison's not going anywhere.
And it's one game that you
really don't need to play.
I wanna play!
I wanna be on the team.
I wanna go out with Allison.
I want a semi-freaking normal life.
Do you get that?
I get it.
Just try not to worry too much
while you're out there. okay?
Or get too angry.
I got it.
Or stressed.
Don't think about Allison
being in the stands.
Or that her father's trying to kill you.
Or that Derek's trying to kill you.
Or the girl he killed.
Or that you might kill someone.
If a hunter doesn't kill you first...
I'm sorry.
I'll stop.
Good luck.
Scott...
I just want you to remember
one thing for tonight.
Uh...Winning isn't everything?
Nobody likes a loser.
How's your shoulder?
It's fine.
You feel any pain?
No.
What if I gave it a big ol' punch?
Would you--would you feel any pain then?
Maybe.
Listen. just go out there.
Just give it your best.
If you feel any pain. just...
Just..keep...playing?
That's my boy.
Please let this be okay.
Please.
Hey. kid.
Hey.
So. you think you'll see
any action tonight?
Action?
Maybe.
Down!
Please.
Set!
That's it. Jackson!
Get fired up!
Fired up!
Brutal.
Oh. this is not gonna be good.
Only to me.
But what if he's open?
Who's the captain. you or me?
Jackson. come on.
dude. I just wanna win.
We will win.
But--
What did I say? Huh?
What...did...I say?
Don't pass to McCall.
You okay. kid?
Which one is Scott again?
Number 11.
Otherwise known as the only one
who hasn't caught a single ball
this entire game.
I hope he's okay.
I hope we're okay.
We need to win this.
Allison.
You'll help me?
Down!
Set!
Yeah!
Yes! That's what I--
What? What?
McCall!
Pass to McCall!
Set!
Did the opposing team just
deliberately pass us the ball?
Yes. I believe so. coach.
Interesting.
Goal!
Yes! Yes!
There you go!
Wha...
Way to go. McCall!
What? The ball's in the net.
Ball's in the net.
That's the goal of the game.
is get the ball in the net!
We got it.
Down!
Hey. what the hell's up with
your teammate. man?
What's he on?
I don't know.
Yet.
Set!
Scott. no. no.
Come on. come on.
You can do it. Scott.
Yes! Ha!
Oh. my God.
Dad. what's wrong?
Scott?
Scott. are you here?
Hey. are you okay?
Scott.
You scared me.
Are you all right?
Yeah.
Sorry. I...
Just got kind of lightheaded for a sec.
Maybe it's the adrenaline.
You were pretty amazing out there.
I'm sorry for acting really weird today.
It's okay.
I can handle weird.
To be totally honest. you.
uh...make me kind of nervous.
I do?
Yeah. kind of like really nervous.
I just--I...
Want to make sure I get my second chance.
You already have it.
I'm just waiting for you to take it.
Well...maybe I need to learn
to take more chances.
Maybe you do.
I gotta get back to my dad.
Stiles.
Hey. yeah.
I kissed her.
I saw.
She kissed me.
Saw that too.
That's pretty good. huh?
I-I-I don't know how.
but I controlled it.
I pulled it back.
Maybe I can do this.
Maybe it's not that bad.
Yeah. heh.
We'll talk later. then.
What?
The. uh. medical examiner looked at
the other half of the body we found.
And...
Well. I'll keep it simple.
Medical examiner determines killer
of girl to be animal. not human.
Derek's human. not animal.
Derek not killer.
Derek let out of jail.
Are you kidding?
No. and here's a bigger kick in the ass.
My dad I.D.'d the dead girl.
Both halves.
Her name was Laura Hale.
Hale?
Derek's sister.
Sync by YYeTs.net
Corrected by Addic7ed.com
www.addic7ed.com
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm